[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> A CIA UFO document
dump, nearly 3,000 pages
of declassified material--
but what will we learn?
This is "Gaia News."
The CIA has released
almost 3,000 pages
of documents from
their records on UFOs,
dating back to the 1980s.
According to the agency, this
is everything the CIA has on
UFOs dating back decades.
The intelligence agency
released the documents
after John Greenewald
of TheBlackVault.com
filed multiple Freedom of
Information Act lawsuits
over the years.
But what new information can
we learn from all of this?
Futurist and
entrepreneur Paul Hynek,
son of famous ufologist
J. Allen Hynek,
has studied UFOs and
disclosure his whole life.
>> The last couple of
years, there's been a lot
of interesting revelations and
disclosures and data dumps.
And it really forces us
to ask the main question.
Does the government have
smoking gun information-- alien
autopsies, reverse engineered
propulsion systems?
I'm not at all
sure that they do.
The next question,
then, is let's
say that they do
have information
that we feel is meaty, that
we can sink our teeth into.
We tend to simplify
things and say, hey,
the government's holding out.
The government is comprised of
warring fiefdoms and factions
that don't like each other.
They're all warring, and they
have very different feelings
about what information
to reveal and not.
So it's hard to imagine that,
A, they've got the smoking gun
secrets.
And that, B, they will
act in a concerted effort
to get all that
information to us
in a ready-to-digest fashion.
>> Why release
these documents now?
>> There's some confusion around
how much of this was a FOIA
request and how much was
prompted by the insertion
of the language in the
stimulus bill last year.
Chris Mellon has a large
role in recent disclosures
of government information.
And in that stimulus
bill, there's
language that says
the government really
needs to do deep
analysis and provide
comprehensive information,
basically by July.
This could be in keeping
with that first sort of wave
of information that
they'd released.
>> Recently, we've seen an
increase in activity that seems
to be leading towards disclosure
from the government regarding
UFOs and potential alien life.
From the US Navy video
of UFOs, to the formation
of an Unidentified Aerial
Phenomenon Task Force,
and former government
officials claiming we
are in contact with aliens,
is this part of a larger plan?
>> The last couple years--
and even more, I
think the cadence
has increased in the last year--
of information coming out.
You can make the
case that this is
part of the editorial schedule
of the government acclimating
us to a capital-D disclosure
that would be coming,
so that they can kind of
control the narrative landscape.
We're not going to have that
signal event of a flying saucer
landing on the White
House lawn, and, you know,
Walter Cronkite
interviewing the occupants.
It may get to the point
where the population is ahead
of the government on what they
believe and what they know.
So I don't know that
the government, whatever
information they have,
really has that much ability
to shape the narrative
going forward.
>> And Paul's biggest takeaway,
if not from this document dump,
from events of the past year.
>> Something I found interesting
last year when listening
to ESPN, the two hosts
were talking about, hey,
if there is a Super Bowl
at the end of this season,
will the winning team need to
have an asterisk by their name.
And the other host, without
skipping a beat, said, look,
the only thing you
need to know about 2020
is that the Pentagon
admitted that UFOs are real.
That was a really
interesting indication
that the sort of
zeitgeist is changing.
That not only are
beliefs evolving,
but that the ability
to talk comfortably
about this, on a
Disney-owned radio
station in the middle of a day
during a football discussion,
was both appropriate
and interesting.
>> The Black Vault has
categorized and made
the documents searchable.
Is there something
to find there hidden
within the thousands of pages?
Perhaps they are just waiting
for independent investigators
to connect the dots between
seemingly unrelated events.
Or could more documents and
evidence be coming soon?
For a new perspective,
this is "Gaia News."